NFR1 (Operational): The system shall interface with the Choice Parts System. This provides the feed of recycled parts data.

NFR2 (Usability): Users shall feel satisfied using the system. 85% of all users will be satisfied with the system.

NFR3 (Security): Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports. No users without an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits.

FR1: The user shall search for the preferred repair facility using vehicle location and radius in miles.

FR2: The vehicle location shall include street address city state and zip-code.

FR3: The search radius shall be between 1 and 30 miles.

FR4: The system shall locate the preferred repair facility with the highest ratings for the input criteria.

FR5: The adjuster shall enter the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.

FR6: The adjuster shall be able to override the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.

FR7: The preferred repair facility shall be returned to the user.

FR8: The system shall return a list of repair facilities within the radius if the preferred repair facility cannot be determined.

FR9: The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using damaged vehicle parts information.

FR10: The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using a list of preferred parts suppliers.

FR11: The system shall search for available recycled parts for the supplied vehicle parts and suppliers.

FR12: The estimator shall search by zipcode with a radius of 30 miles if no parts are found for the preferred parts suppliers.

FR13: The system shall retain the available recycled parts and suppliers returned from the search.

FR14: The available recycled parts information and their suppliers shall be returned to the user.

FR15: The estimator shall apply selected recycled parts to the collision estimate.

FR16: The estimator shall not apply recycled parts to the collision estimate if no available parts are returned.

FR17: The adjuster shall review the collision estimate.

FR18: The adjuster shall request a recycled parts audit of the collision estimate.

FR19: The audit report shall include the total number of recycled parts used in the estimate.

FR20: The audit report shall include the number of available recycled parts from the original search results.

FR21: The audit report shall include the percentage of available recycled parts used in the estimate.

FR22: The audit report shall include the total score of the audit which sums the individual line items.

FR23: The audit report shall be displayed to the user.

FR24: The audit report shall be available to other adjusters at later points in time.

FR25: The user shall select to view the preferred repair facility ratings.

FR26: The system will display a blank set of ratings if there are not ratings yet defined.

FR27: The user shall enter new ratings based on the audit report.

FR28: The ratings shall be from a scale of 1-10.

FR29: The user shall select to save the preferred repair facility ratings.

FR30: The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved by the system.

FR31: The vehicle data shall include vehicle year make and model.

FR32: The system shall resolve the zipcode for the street address city and state if zipcode is unknown.

FR33: The recycled parts search results provided to the estimator shall be retrieved by the system.

FR34: The system shall generate an audit report based on the available recycled parts and the collision estimate.

FR35: The current repair facility ratings shall be displayed to the user.

FR36: The ratings shall include categories for attempted use of recycled parts and actual use of recycled parts.

FR37: The system shall record repair facility visiting schedule entries.

FR38: The system will notify users of their repair facility visiting schedules.

FR39: The system shall have the ability to send repair facility visiting schedule reminders to users.

FR40: The system shall send the repair facility contact information to schedule creaters.

FR41: The system will record repair facility visiting schedule acknowledgments.

FR42: The system shall store new conference rooms.

FR43: The system shall update existing conference rooms.

FR44: The system will be able to delete conference rooms.

FR45: The system shall be able to store new recycled parts.

FR46: The system will update existing recycled parts.

FR47: The system shall be able to delete recycled parts.

FR48: Each time a conference room is reserved the conference room schedule shall be updated to reflect the time and date of the reservation.

FR49: The system shall display a map of the repair facility building showing conference room locations.

FR50: The system shall record updated repair facility visiting schedule agendas.

FR51: The system shall send a repair facility visiting schedule confirmation to the schedule creaters.

FR52: The system shall record the transportation status of parts reserved.

FR53: The system shall record different schedule types.

FR54: The system shall record all the recycled parts that has been reserved.

FR55: The system shall notify repair facility of recycled parts transport requests.

FR56: The system will allow priviledged users to view repair facility visiting schedules in multiple reporting views.

FR57: The system shall be able to send repair facility visiting schedule notifications via different kinds of end-user specified methods.

FR58: The system shall have a customizable Look and Feel.

FR59: The system shall have an intuitive user interface.

FR60: The system will display an available status for unreserved conference rooms.

FR61: The system shall have a interface that allows for the viewing of the graph and the data table.

FR62: The system shall display recycled parts in a vertical table by name.

FR63: The system shall display the repair facilities in a vertical table by name.

FR64: The system shall display the preferred repair facility in a graph.

FR65: The system shall display recycled parts and the preferred repair facility.

FR66: The display shall have two regions: left of the display is graphical right of the display is a data table.

FR67: The data displayed in both the nodes within the graph and the rows in the table are Summary data.

FR68: The system shall color code the repair facilities according to their distance variance from current location.



FR80: The estimator shall be notified of new estimate request after automatic synchronization with system.
